Add DD 4.5.0 changelogs (#14253)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/mac/release-notes/index.md

> chip](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/main/arm64/Docker.dmg?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-mac-arm64){:
> .button .primary-btn }

### New

- Add Desktop Version to 'docker version' output.

### Upgrades

> - Bump ECR Credential helper to 0.6.0

Reviewer: See the correct format in any upgrades section below.

> - Bump ECR Credential helper to 0.6.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Amazon ECR Credential Helper v0.6.0](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-ecr-credential-helper/tree/v0.6.0){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}
```

> ### Bug fixes and minor changes

Reviewer: All of these should be linked to public tickets (if they exist).

Reviewer: Also the descriptions are a bit unclear: as a user I wouldn't necessarily know whether an issue I was seeing was the one mentioned here.

> - Fixed VM startup hang when using `osxfs` and no host directories are shared with the VM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused the VM become unresponsive during startup when using `osxfs` and when no host directories are shared with the VM.
```

Author: Done

> - Increased filesystem watch ("inotify") limits by setting `fs.inotify.max_user_watches=1048576` and 'fs.inotify.max_user_instances=8192' in Linux.

Reviewer 2: Would be good to call out the reason for this change

> - Increased filesystem watch ("inotify") limits by setting `fs.inotify.max_user_watches=1048576` and 'fs.inotify.max_user_instances=8192' in Linux.

Reviewer 2: Can we add the link to the GH issue here pls?

- Fixed an issue related to compose app started with version 2, but the dashboard only deals with version 1.
- Fixed an issue related to Docker Desktop login lost after restart.

> - Fixed issues related to the About application menu.

Reviewer 2: Unable to open the About Docker Desktop window. 

@mat007 Could you pls check if it affects both Mac and Windows.

> - Fixed an issue related to Docker Desktop login lost after restart.

Reviewer 3: I’m thinking this one may actually be when restarting the machine, rather than merely Desktop.
@joe0BAB ?

- Fix menu being restricted when resetting to factory defaults.

> 

Reviewer 4: For 2. it this text from the corresponding PR:

```
- Limit the number of CPUs to 8 on Mac M1 to fix the startup problem. Fixes [docker/for-mac#6063](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/6063).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @djs55 @ebriney @fredericdalleau Could you add any missing entries here pls?

> chip](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/main/arm64/Docker.dmg?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-mac-arm64){:
> .button .primary-btn }

### New

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggest a new entry here for New Docker menu

- Docker Desktop 4.4.5 introduces a new version of the Docker menu which creates a consistent user experience across all operating systems.

Author: Added

> - Add Docker Desktop version to 'docker version' output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The 'docker version' output now displays the version of Docker Desktop installed on the machine.
```

Author: Done

> - Docker Desktop 4.5.0 introduces a new version of the Docker menu which creates a consistent user experience across all operating systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Docker Desktop 4.5.0 introduces a new version of the Docker menu which creates a consistent user experience across all operating systems. For more information, see the blog post [New Docker Menu & Improved Release Highlights with Docker Desktop 4.5](https://www.docker.com/blog/new-docker-menu-improved-release-highlights-with-docker-desktop-4-5/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}
```

### Upgrades

- [Amazon ECR Credential Helper v0.6.0](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-ecr-credential-helper/releases/tag/v0.6.0){: target="blank" rel="noopener" class=""}

### Bug fixes and minor changes

- Fixed VM startup hang when using `osxfs` and no host directories are shared with the VM.
- Increased filesystem watch ("inotify") limits by setting `fs.inotify.max_user_watches=1048576` and 'fs.inotify.max_user_instances=8192' in Linux.

> - Fixed an issue related to compose app started with version 2, but the dashboard only deals with version 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that didn't allow users to stop a Docker Compose application using Docker Dashboard if the application was started in a different version of Docker Compose. For example, if the user started a Docker Compose application in V1 and then switched to Docker Compose V2, attempts to stop the Docker Compose application would fail. 
```

Reviewer 2: @mat007 WDYT?

> - Fixed an issue related to Docker Desktop login lost after restart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Docker Desktop incorrectly prompted users to sign in after they quit Docker Desktop and start the application
```

> - Increased the filesystem watch (inotify) limits by setting `fs.inotify.max_user_watches=1048576` and `fs.inotify.max_user_instances=8192` in Linux. Fixes [docker/for-mac#6071](https://github. com/docker/for-mac/issues/6071).

Reviewer 2: Extra space in the GItHub URL after `gihub.`

- Fixed an issue where Docker Desktop incorrectly prompted users to sign in after they quit Docker Desktop and start the application.

> - Unable to open the About Docker Desktop window.

Author: Done
